a their zodiac signs are fun and
interesting but they aren't all about
our best qualities
so how dangerous are you according to
your sign counting down from the least
to the most risky zodiacs to be around
here's number 12
Aquarius whoo Congrats Water Bearers
you're the least dangerous sign of them
all of course you have all the qualities
to be a great manipulator you're
exceptionally intelligent understand
people well and can easily get others to
do what you want but Aquarians are also
genuine humanitarians who prefer to help
people rather than control them however
as an Aquarius you still possess one
potentially dangerous quality you rarely
think about the long-term consequences
of your actions Aquarians want results
right here and right now and can
overlook a lot of important factors in
the process other than that they're just
independent creative and fun-loving
people number eleven Gemini everybody
knows that Gemini's are sociable funny
adventurous and just plain adorable or
are they believe it or not there's a
dangerous side to them as well if you're
a Gemini your danger factor comes from
your duality the rest of us pretty much
never know what's going to happen next
when we're with you plus you're highly
flexible kind of like Gumby which means
you can easily adapt to different
personalities and get into all sorts of
manipulations and tricky schemes despite
all that you still play it safe and
rarely use your manipulative skills for
something bad you're just way too busy
living life to the fullest number 10
Libra ah
libras the charming ones this is one of
their best qualities but it's also a
double-edged sword any Libra with bad
intentions would have
problem getting along with someone
gaining their trust and taking advantage
of them thankfully there aren't that
many libras who even want to do
something like that since they hate
arguments and conflict and prefer to
keep a healthy balance in their lives in
their day to day though their most
dangerous habit is holding their
emotions back and letting it bottle up
until snap they explode in huge
emotional outburst later that often
cause them to say nasty things they
don't necessarily mean so maybe it's
better to be honest about your feelings
right away instead of slowly driving
yourself crazy number 9 Pisces Pisces
are romantic mysterious and emotional
and yes this side of them can easily get
them in trouble it's not uncommon to see
their emotions getting the best of them
and provoking them to make all kinds of
impulsive and even destructive decisions
not to mention they aren't very good at
controlling themselves even when getting
into something they shouldn't so you can
imagine how this also makes them quite
threatening however there's one small
detail here that changes everything
Pisces are mostly a danger to themselves
not others but this doesn't mean they'll
tolerate negativity coming their way get
on their bad side and they'll be quick
to stand up for themselves in the most
graceful yet powerful way
number eight Virgo
virgos are organized witty and highly
practical good traits to have don't you
think
however some virgos can use them in the
wrong way thanks to the virgos
intelligence and attention to detail
there are true masterminds of the zodiac
signs this means that if they were up to
something bad they do it perfectly
virgos can effortlessly plan every
little detail of their scheme and make
sure that they leave no clues behind
nonetheless most Virgo simply don't have
that way of thinking hard workers and
definitely not fans of getting something
without putting any effort into it
that's why they're way more likely to
achieve success thanks
to their talent and determination not
through cheating or manipulation number
seven Capricorn in many ways capricorns
are very similar to virgos they're
organized rule-abiding and extremely
hard-working still they have a
completely different dynamic with these
qualities of course most capricorns are
responsible and Noble but still if one
was to turn to the dark side they'd be
pretty good at being sneaky and planning
their attacks
moreover some capricorns can be reckless
on their way to achieving their goal and
won't hesitate to step on others to get
there
these capricorns can be unforgiving cold
and lack any empathy whatsoever
nonetheless if you're a Capricorn you're
still right in the middle of today's
danger rating now moving closer to the
riskier end number six leo leo is
definitely one of the strongest zodiac
signs if you're a Leo you're most likely
passionate creative and pretty stubborn
plus you love the attention and hate
being ignored and that's where the
trouble starts unlike Virgo or Capricorn
who are the epitome of hard work some
Leo's can choose lazier paths and prefer
someone else to hand them the triumphant
success instead of working hard for it
this inclination make Leo's a bit more
dangerous than the other zodiac signs I
told you about before
still Leo's can hardly be called
mean-spirited or bad they just love to
be on top front and center of everyone's
attention and they're good at it too
number 5 Taurus the Taurus is patient
dependable and really down to earth
until you cross them if a Taurus has
made up their mind it's almost
impossible to convince them otherwise
even if they're wrong and this quality
can go two ways it either makes them
passionate about something in a healthy
and determine way or they'll want to get
into stupid fights and arguments to
prove their point and even though they
can take a lie
it's not easy to tick them off once you
do you'll definitely regret it because a
tourist can get really mad and combative
within seconds that's why they're
considered to be on the dangerous side
of the zodiac they fight recklessly for
what they believe in and don't let
others opinions change their point of
view number four
Sagittarius vegetarians are confident
enthusiastic and positive even though
these are all wonderful qualities they
can manifest themselves in the wrong way
in some people with this sign
Sagittarius are exceptional manipulators
whenever they need to be and they use
this skill to shove all their problems
onto someone else to figure out they're
also really impulsive which can lead to
a whole lot of bad decisions they end up
regretting later so it's no wonder
Sagittarius leans more on the dangerous
side of the scale this combo of
qualities can be pretty threatening
especially when in a person with bad
intentions number three Aries at their
best Aries is the energetic and bold
life of the party but at their worst
they can be scarily power-hungry
controlling and reckless they're
natural-born leaders and they love it
so when they feel like their power is
slipping through their fingers they may
act out and do something stupid and
unreasonable before thinking everything
through at these moments they become
unstoppable refusing to drop it until
they get their way their emotional
outbursts can be a lot to handle as well
Aries is very temperamental and gets mad
within seconds if you keep annoying and
provoking them so yeah they can be
pretty short-tempered at times and
that's exactly what makes them dangerous
number two Scorpio Scorpio is definitely
the most complex and even controversial
zodiac sign there's no in-between with
Scorpios you either love them or hate
them but despite their bad rap they have
tons of admirable qualities including
their extreme loyalty Bray
every independence and determination but
why are they so high on the danger list
well if you seriously cross a Scorpio
you're definitely in big trouble given
that some of them tend to be quite
vindictive in these situations they
rarely choose the forgive and forget
option and let their dark side take
control feeling no mercy or empathy
whatsoever just imagine what this type
of cold mindset is capable of hmm so
yeah
a Scorpio certainly won't go easy on you
if you wronged them number one cancer
and the most dangerous zodiac sign is
drumroll please oh never mind I just
said it like a second ago
it's cancer yep these sensitive shy
reserved and imaginative individuals can
be pretty threatening and deceptive the
thing is and if you're a cancer yourself
like me you'll understand they feel
everything way too strongly because
they're hands-down the most emotional
zodiac sign this constant intense
emotional rollercoaster can make some of
them experience crazy mood swings making
them unstable and irrational such
unpredictable changes can sometimes make
them lose control and turn to passive
aggressive or even dangerous behavior so
if you feel like this describes you to a
tee all you have to do is find a way to
cope with your emotions and don't let
them overrule you but for now cancers
are still considered the most dangerous
out of all the signs so what's your sign
I haven't heard that since the 80s and
do you agree with your spot on this list
let me know down in the comments
remember to give this video a like share
it with your friends and click Subscribe
to always stay on the bright side of
life
especially you cancers
you